Side quest: Joker Wannabee
Inside Joker Guy’s House
Joker Guy
	Thank you so much for coming! I honestly didn't think anyone would take this request. You see, All you need to do is get a few items in a cave not too far from here. Of course, I would go there if I could but no one knows for certain if there are any traps or enemies inside. But, It should be easy for you two, right? 
Dante
	Alright, just tell us what cave and we’ll be on with it. 

The Marth and Dante get led to the Fool’s Cave by Joker Guy

Joker Guy
Here we are! Remember, you only need to gather a few items, then bring them back to me. They should be at the end of the cave. Well, see ya!

Joker Guy runs out off-screen
As they approach the entrance they see a sign that reads " However brought you here is stupid!"
Yeah, you're telling me. Marth thought to himself. 

Marth and Dante reach the end of the cave. They see a few items sparking; a mask, a cape, and a revolver. Dante collects them and exits the cave to Jokers Guy’s House

Joker Guy
Wow, I knew you could do it! Now please hand over the items you found.
Dante hands over the items to Joker Guy and puts on the mask and cape with the revolver in his hand.

Joker Guy
	HAHAHA! Thank you! Now, I am capable of being my own hero. I will never forget this. I promise to pay you guys back someday. 

Joker Man runs out of his house while Marth and Dante follow to see him off (in the direction of the bank)

Dante
Well, that was a nice detour. I hope that can become his own hero.

Marth
Yeah, sure. As long as he doesn't do anything stupid 

Marth and Dante see Joker Man carrying a bag (opposite direction of the bank) while police sirens blaring with the police right behind him. Marth starts laughing uncontrollably! While, Dante Snickers 

Dante
 Hey, hero! Watch out! The villains right behind you! 

Dante and Marth in unison
What a fucking moron!

Marth and Dante walk off and End of Sidequest

Google Docs code:https://docs.google.com/document/d/1oPNddarB345H6XTXpZHljTT2vADARkUwdbPfENCFXAA/edit?usp=drivesdk
